Refactor of Tagging Section (#7516)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/python.md

* [JSON-log-formatter][1]
* [Python-json-logger][2]

> ## Connect your service across Logs and APM

Reviewer: Let's keep the word `traces`

> If APM is enabled for this application, the APM tracer can help connect your logs with APM data.
> See [APM Python logging instructions][3] to learn more about adding trace IDs, span IDs, and even the
> `env`, `service`, and `version` to your logs.
> 
> **Note**: If the APM tracer injects `service` into your logs, there is no need to set a `service` field in your logs configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If APM is enabled for this application, connect your logs and traces by automatically adding trace IDs, span IDs,
`env`, `service`, and `version` to your logs by [following the APM Python instructions][3].

**Note**: If the APM tracer injects `service` into your logs, it overrides the value set in the agent configuration.
```

* [Python-json-logger][2]
* [django-datadog-logger][3]

> ## Connect your service across Logs and APM

Author: ```suggestion
## Connect your service across logs and traces
```
